README.md, before:

# lossless-ui

High-fidelity music streaming UI built with SvelteKit and Tailwind.

## See a list of instances of APIs and frontends [here](https://github.com/SamidyFR/monochrome/blob/main/INSTANCES.md).

## API + API docs are [here](https://github.com/uimaxbai/hifi-api)

## Features

- It works (kinda)
- Downloads in FLAC up to 24-bit/192kHz

## Run with Docker

### Quick start with Docker Compose

1. Create a `.env` file by copying `.env.example`. Redis is deprecated (don't use it).

2. Build and run the production container:

   ```bash
   docker compose up --build
   ```

3. Visit <http://localhost:5000> once the container finishes booting.

`docker compose` automatically passes through the optional Redis environment variables and sets `PORT=5000` so the SvelteKit server binds correctly. Stop the stack with `docker compose down` when you are done.

Pass any optional configuration (for example `TITLE`) with additional `-e` flags.

## Development Notes

- Redis for this project has been **deprecated**. Don't use it.
- Some requests are proxied through the first-party SvelteKit route at `/api/proxy` so the browser can call the API without CORS errors.
- Cached responses are stored only for safe GET requests without `Authorization`, `Cookie`, or `Range` headers. Responses larger than `REDIS_CACHE_MAX_BODY_BYTES`, non-text/JSON payloads, 4xx/5xx statuses, and responses with `Cache-Control: no-store|private` are never cached.
- Install dependencies with `npm install` after updating `package.json`.

## Todo

Commit message:

Update README with retirement notice

README.md, after:

# lossless-ui

High-fidelity music streaming UI built with SvelteKit and Tailwind.

> [!important]
> I am beginning to retire `tidal-ui` in favour of newer projects such as [Monochrome](https://monochrome.tf) - and will have the repo archived by the end of this month. music.binimum.org will begin to redirect to tidal.squid.wtf over the course of February 2026. Thanks to everybody who used the website for showing so much support - it really means a lot. For clarification - the API will still be maintained into the forseeable future.

> [!important]
> Your reminder that music piracy is *illegal* in most countries and this tool is for use by people with an active Tidal account for educational purposes.

## See a list of instances of APIs and frontends [here](https://github.com/SamidyFR/monochrome/blob/main/INSTANCES.md).

## API + API docs are [here](https://github.com/uimaxbai/hifi-api)

## Features

- It works (kinda)
- Downloads in FLAC up to 24-bit/192kHz

## Run with Docker

### Quick start with Docker Compose

1. Create a `.env` file by copying `.env.example`. Redis is deprecated (don't use it).

2. Build and run the production container:

   ```bash
   docker compose up --build
   ```

3. Visit <http://localhost:5000> once the container finishes booting.

`docker compose` automatically passes through the optional Redis environment variables and sets `PORT=5000` so the SvelteKit server binds correctly. Stop the stack with `docker compose down` when you are done.

Pass any optional configuration (for example `TITLE`) with additional `-e` flags.

## Development Notes

- Redis for this project has been **deprecated**. Don't use it.
- Some requests are proxied through the first-party SvelteKit route at `/api/proxy` so the browser can call the API without CORS errors.
- Cached responses are stored only for safe GET requests without `Authorization`, `Cookie`, or `Range` headers. Responses larger than `REDIS_CACHE_MAX_BODY_BYTES`, non-text/JSON payloads, 4xx/5xx statuses, and responses with `Cache-Control: no-store|private` are never cached.
- Install dependencies with `npm install` after updating `package.json`.

## Todo
